[EN] add Sidecar Container (#3192)
cncf/glossary: content/en/sidecar-container.md

Reviewer: FYI: you can use [Semantic Line Breaks](https://sembr.org) to improve readability.

https://glossary.cncf.io/contribute/#best-practices

> To facilitate the reviewing process, please use semantic line breaks (e.g., one line per sentence).

Author: Applied. Thanks @Okabe-Junya

---
title: Sidecar Container
status: Feedback Appreciated
category: concept
---

The Sidecar Container is an implementation of the sidecar pattern. An application deployed on a second container will run side by side and share its lifecycle with a primary application running on a main container.

## Problem it addresses

> There are scenarios where it is convenient to group [containers](/container/) to deal with problems related to the need to support cross-platform requirements or shared functionality such as logging, monitoring, tracing or [observability](/observability/) in general, and security, traffic management, networking and transversal application configuration. These common functionalities can be implemented independently as services and run on separate containers.

Reviewer: IMHO: plz clarify a bit more about what "transversal application configuration" refers to.

Author: Clarified. Thanks @Okabe-Junya

## How it helps

> The sidecar terms come after the representation of a classic motorcycle with its attached sidecar. In this metaphor, the bike represents the main container and the sidecar the secondary container. This heterogeneous approach consists of using a separated and isolated process running on a secondary container to address problems that aren't unique to a single application but rather to the entire platform where the application is running. It enforces separation of concerns, centralised configuration, and best practices for governance. Besides its flexibility, it presents other advantages such as extending functionality without changing the main application's code, using different languages deployed on different runtimes, and sharing local resources between the core and the secondary applications. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The term "sidecar" comes from the representation of a classic motorcycle with its attached sidecar. In this metaphor, the bike represents the main container and the sidecar the secondary container. This heterogeneous approach consists of using a separated and isolated process running on a secondary container to address problems that aren't unique to a single application but rather to the entire platform where the application is running. It enforces separation of concerns, centralised configuration, and best practices for governance. Besides its flexibility, it presents other advantages such as extending functionality without changing the main application's code, using different languages deployed on different runtimes, and sharing local resources between the core and the secondary applications. 
```

IMHO

Author: Changed. Thanks @Okabe-Junya

---
title: Sidecar Container
status: Feedback Appreciated
category: concept
---

The Sidecar Container is an implementation of the sidecar pattern. 

> An application deployed on a second container will run side by side and share its lifecycle with a primary application running on a main container.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
An application deployed on a second container will run side by side 
and share its lifecycle with a primary application running on a main container.
```

Author: Thanks @iamNoah1. I've accepted your changes in commit 38f12ef8614313d91ce8b400be3d99e5857c1964 . I've first made a mistake by committing without the sign-off. Hopefully its resolved.

## Problem it addresses

> There are scenarios where it is convenient to group [containers](/container/) to deal with problems related to the need to support cross-platform requirements or shared functionality. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
There are scenarios where it is convenient to group [containers](/container/) to deal with cross-platform requirements or shared functionality. 
```

Author: @iamNoah1 accepted your review and recommendations. Added a couple of examples for the problems. All in commit https://github.com/cncf/glossary/commit/5e5ef2e9878569397127c4a065430d562000dce9 .

> Problems like logging, monitoring, tracing or [observability](/observability/) in general, and security, traffic management, networking and common configurations applicable to multiple applications. These shared functionalities can be implemented independently as services and run on separate containers.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Such scenarios include [observability](/observability/) topics like logging, monitoring, tracing, but also security, and networking. 
```

Let's talk more about what the issue is that sidecars are trying to solve. Something like when you have a lot of micorservices it is not so easy and probably also not efficient to handle logging for instance for all of the microservices. You cannot have one microservice collecting the stdout from every other microservices, can you? There are probably more of those examples. 

I deleted the rest because it was not really adding value to the definition IMHO.

Author: @iamNoah1 accepted your review and recommendations. Added a couple of examples for the problems. All in commit 5e5ef2e9878569397127c4a065430d562000dce9 .

## How it helps

The term "sidecar" comes from the representation of a classic motorcycle with its attached sidecar. In this metaphor, the bike represents the main container and the sidecar the secondary container. 

> This heterogeneous approach consists of using a separated and isolated process running on a secondary container to address problems that aren't unique to a single application but rather to the entire platform where the application is running. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This approach consists of using a separated process running on a secondary container to address problems that aren't unique to a single application but rather to the entire platform where the application is running. 
```

Rathing than just saying that it solves problems that are not unique, we should name those problems. Like a sidecar shares same network and storage with the main container. That is I guess the main advantage, isn't it?

Author: @iamNoah1 accepted your review and recommendations in commit 5173e2a985105d8e0f8b518b4be368f9ff699f49

> It enforces the principle of separation of concerns, centralised configuration, and best practices for governance. Besides its flexibility, it presents other advantages such as extending functionality without changing the main application's code, using different languages deployed on different runtimes, and sharing local resources between the core and the secondary applications. 

Reviewer 2: This sentence is very long and describes a lot of things that are not unique to sidecars. 
```suggestion
It enforces the principle of separation of concerns and provides extending functionality without changing the main application's code. 
```

Author: @iamNoah1 accepted your review and recommendations in commit 5173e2a985105d8e0f8b518b4be368f9ff699f49

> When applied to Kubernetes deployments, this approach creates a relationship of one pod to many containers, meaning that operational actions used in the pod, such as creation, scaling, and termination, will be equally applied to all containers inside. 

Reviewer 2: This sentence is hard to grasp. And I think it is not entirely true. 

According to the respective section in the kubernetes doc they can have an independent lifecycle: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/workloads/pods/sidecar-containers/#differences-from-application-containers

Author: Thank you @iamNoah1 . Was offline for a while. Will review it ASAP.

Author: @iamNoah1 accepted your review and recommendations in commit 5173e2a985105d8e0f8b518b4be368f9ff699f49
